what's going on guys my name is Jericho
and you're watching Jericho AFK this is
my minecraft channel which means you've
probably already seen the creative video
i uploaded two days ago showing off all
your guys's crazy creations well it
turns out i had so much extra footage
that I didn't want to leave any of you
guys out so that's what you're watching
today the second half of that video I
didn't know there'd be so much awesome
stuff and I've said the word creative
about 600 times in this video already so
without further ado I'm gonna let you
guys go check out all the crazy stuff
that everyone else has made by the way
if you missed it I am going to be going
farther away from spawn so don't worry
I'll get your inventions and all your
creations and stuff very very soon
hopefully you guys enjoy actually this
is like this is exactly where I'd like
to come and relax over here by the plot
of land is billed by Google works hey
Google works and all these oh I love you
too well you got there YouTube that's so
nice seal is its relaxing chillin out
maxin relaxin pool go and dive in the
pool and was wonder like you built this
all the way up here and then you built
an entire you built this whole thing for
this this is for one hey what oh my god
that better not be wait a minute what in
the hell is that is that a diamond ring
also it better not be for me to propose
to Sonya cuz that's not happening stop
it right now look at this it's a real
dive is he proposing to me cuz I accept
oh let's go around to the front that is
the most diamond D ring I think you
could ever make in Minecraft oh oh man
well I want to go downstairs I want to
know what's down there but it's all lit
up this would be beautiful at night and
then let's see here dear Sonya my name
is Joe you're the god it is for Sonya
any guide I made this poorly designed
ring for you will you marry me who needs
Tucker jump will you he's a loser a girl
haha i like my air you know what shut
off me on the other hand think of god
you're not wow you
oh I'm leaving it I will leave it there
because Sonny would never leave me for
your ring no matter how many diamonds a
giver although this is actually really
good pikachu and even what way is that
amazed cuz i am all about mazes look at
that pika um hambone e on my macaroni
that's Maroni ok not macaroni you get to
green wait I don't know what that means
it's definitely not this way alright
it's not that way okay all right I'm
going up top and all right I'm actually
getting kinda lost here no you have to
go down don't you tell me actually I do
have to go down that's depressing oh you
sneaky bugger you sneaky dude where's
the green block it's over hey I did it
guys I'm doing well does it keep going
or is that that oh my god it keeps going
well no it doesn't but anyway that's
awesome nice map I challenge a maze map
would be whoa no that's gonna look
amazing first on this is cool i remember
seeing this at opening that's gonna look
awesome oh I can't wait till he finishes
that or she I don't know who it is also
I like the way this plot looks USA
getting all the goals all of them timo
of course I should probably just clear
this plot cuz you're Satan team Oh
what's the sign say pixel art if Tucker
Sonya please leave a sign all right fine
the sign I gave you milk that is your
milk you keep that milk there okay good
enjoy your milk I've been saving these
for last these pixel arts are the ones
that really make me pretty amazed Vegeta
of course and Master Chief because these
aren't even like characters that have
ever appeared in 8-bit so someone went
into the used characters or
to building this thinking I gotta make
Master Chief 8-bit you ever seen Master
Chief he's a big guy how do you make
that eight bit I don't even know is this
M this is the Builder this is you right
now you're building this aren't you you
weren't hold on how do I take this off
cool you're building this this is
amazing oh and here's a cool k98 cool
k98 well done on the begin on the master
cheat high five well i started out over
there and i ended up over here i'm went
in a 360-degree circle anyway so thing
i'm gonna call this episode of creative
mode to an end thank you guys for
watching my name is Jericho I hope you
guys enjoyed this mu days let me know if
I like you to come and if you guys saw
your plot on here post a comment let the
people know thank you for making such
awesome art in the server it's amazing
and keep it up I want to see more and
more creative crazy creative stuff built
up on your plot build more and as always
I will see you guys next week for
another episode of creative I'll talk to
you guys later